.\" Created with https://roperzh.github.io/grapse/

.Dd 2025-05-18              \" DATE
.Dt Artemis 1      \" Program name and manual section number
.Sh NAME                 \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm Artemis
.\" The following lines are read in generating the apropos(man -k) database. Use only key
.\" words here as the database is built based on the words here and in the .ND line.
.\" Use .Nm macro to designate other names for the documented program.
.Nd A cross platform forensic parser \" Use .Nm macro to designate other names for the documented program.
.Sh SYNOPSIS \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
.Op Fl tdjhV \" [-abcd]
.Op Fl t Ar toml file \" [-t toml file]
.Pp
.Nm
.Ar acquire
.Op Fl h
.Pp
.Nm
.Ar help
.Sh DESCRIPTION \" Section Header - required - don't modify
Artemis is a powerful command line digital forensic and incident response (DFIR)
tool that collects forensic data from endpoints. Artemis is designed to be
fast, easy to use, and consume minimal resources. This is a minimal manpage
.Pp \" Inserts a space
Artemis command options are:
.Bl -tag -width -indent \" Begins a tagged list
.It Fl t \" Each item preceded by .It macro
Full path to a TOML forensic collection file
.It Fl d
Base64 encoded TOML forensic collection
.It Fl j
Full path to a JavaScript collection script
.It Fl h
Prints the help menu
.It Fl V
Prints the version
.El \" Ends the list
.Pp
Artemis acquire options are:
.Bl -tag -width -indent 
.It acquire Fl h 
Print help menu
.It acquire Fl Fl format
Output format. JSON or JSONL or CSV. Default is JSON
.It acquire Fl Fl output-dir
Specify output directory for parsed data. Default is ./tmp
.It acquire Fl Fl compress
Compress data with GZIP.
.It acquire Fl Fl timeline
Timeline supported artifacts. Output is always JSONL.
.El                      \" Ends the list
.Pp
.Sh FILES                \" File used or created by the topic of the man page
.Bl -tag -width -compact
.It Pa /usr/bin/artemis
Artemis forensic parser
.El                      \" Ends the list
